We're back with Amy Schumer.
It's time to play Ellen's
Burning Questions.
I'm going to read a question,
and you will answer.
The first thing that
pops into your mind, OK?
After you answer the question,
then you will hit the button
and move on.
The button really doesn't
do anything at all.
It's pointless, but it's
exciting to do that.
All right?
Finish this sentence.
I feel pretty when--
I'm nude.
Something no one
knows about you.
I am a leprechaun.
I wish I wasn't scared to--
Try drugs.
Try lots of drugs.
I'm scared.
Yeah.
Why, do you have something?
You should be.
No.
Something you're
obsessed with right now.
The Great British
Baking Show Bake Off.
Something you hate that
everyone else loves.
Rod Stewart.
You hate Rod Stewart?
How come?
How long has this been going on?
My life.
Have you-- what about "Maggie
May" and "Mandolin Wind," and--
Can we get back
to the questions?
OK.
Craziest place you've had sex.
My butt.
What is the last thing
Jennifer Lawrence texted you?
Oh, she said do you want
to get dinner tonight?
Where are you right now?
Never mind, I can't get dinner.
I have other plans.
Before I even sent
her one text back.
Who is your favorite
Kardashian and why?
Oh, they change.
But right now, Kim right now.
I think it's really
cool that she's
started to help out with
trying to end gun violence.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Good for her.
My spouse gives the best--
Head.
I just have to tell everyone,
her mom is in the audience.
Listening to all of these--
Oh that's right.
Your mom is just--
Did you forget?
I did forget.
Can I take the stuff about
the butt and everything back?
No.
No?
I think she's heard worse.
OK.
Trust me I have.
Sorry, Mom.
The last lie you told.
Who my favorite Kardashian was.
What do you think your
dog thinks of you?
I think she thinks that
I should shower more.
[INAUDIBLE]
Who was your childhood
celebrity crush?
Joey from The New Kids,
and it still stands today.
Someone you'd like to
do a love scene with.
Joey from The New Kids.
Today.
What would your signature
fragrance be called?
I Should Shower More.
What body part of your
spouse's is your favorite?
It's a tie between his penis--
no, it's his penis.
What body part of
yours is your favorite?
My penis.
Oh my god.
"I Feel Pretty" opens Friday.
You should go see it, and take
your people, and daughters,
and women.
It's a beautiful--
Dogs.
Take dogs.
All of you should go see it.
It's really good.
I Feel Pretty, it opens Friday.
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you
to subscribe to her channel
so you can see more
awesome videos--
like videos of me getting scared
or saying embarrassing things,
like ball peen hammer.
And also some videos of
Ellen and other celebrities,
if you're into
that sort of thing.
[BLEEP] God [BLEEP]